Wait till you're married, that might never happen.
It's been hard since Monica died.
It's good to talk to someone who understands me.
It's been years since I've lost my privileges.
Will I ever be useful again?
I mean, if you'll have a really cares about us, why does any help us?
Do you know who felt exactly as you feel Winston?
Let me show you in the scriptures.
He said,
meetings and studying were my lifeline.
If you depend on Jehovah for the help, he'll give it to you.
We can do so much good when we're a patient, just like Jehovah is with us.
Commit your way to Jehovah.
If we carefully rely on Jehovah, Jehovah will act in our behalf.
Part of being strong to us is learning to wait on Jehovah.
He'll do the rest. He always does.